DOC-2485: Improve docs for Menu option (#3478)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/removed_menuitems.adoc

[[removed_menuitems]]
== `+removed_menuitems+`

> This option allows you to remove items from {productname}'s drop down menus. This is useful if you are only using the xref:menus-configuration-options.adoc#menubar[menubar] option to set your menus without setting custom menu items using the xref:menus-configuration-options.adoc#menu[menu] option.

Reviewer: Suggest not referring to `you`.
```suggestion
This option enables the removal of items from {productname}'s dropdown menus. It is especially useful when configuring menus using only the xref:menus-configuration-options.adoc#menubar[menubar] option without defining custom menu items through the xref:menus-configuration-options.adoc#menu[menu] option.
```
